[Music]
an enchanted world the Tsar of Imperial
Russia a sorceress curse a lung princess
who vanished without a trace
[Music]
did not survive one daughter may be
still alive
[Music]
[Applause]
ain't that the kick in the head I guess
a curse just ain't what it used to be
huh sir it's the story of an orphan
named Anya you want to find your family
pearl and a dreamer named Dmitri you see
I am Anastasia that's why I'm stuck here
in limbo don't get so grabby they're
teaming up to find a clue to her past
before the evil Rasputin destroys their
future I want to look like this whoa
that fell right out the last papa
Romanoff
[Music]
get the message
from the streets of Russia to the lights
of Paris I will see no more girls
claiming to be Anastasia you have to
talk to her finding the truth you really
are Anastasia will be their greatest
challenge you will address the princess
as your highness and following her heart
we've been through a lot together
princesses don't marry kitchen boys will
be her toughest choice
[Music]
Anastacia I give her then a hi-yah and I
dicker sir
[Music]